Experiments and the Truth Part Two 

 

The basis is I was targeted by one or more ENTITIES. The family is also being targeted. Maybe individual liberties are being targeted. 

 

From about November 17, 2008, to November 21, 2008, there is an onset of unrefreshing sleep, an out-of-breath feeling and very tiring athletics. 

 

A particular protocol is not understood. Somebody else’s marriage may have something to do with this. A coincidence was somebody else’s hypochondriac moment. There may be an apartheid, maverick, allegiance, disloyal, jealous, cabal, operational, agenda, insider-trading, occupation, witchery, cursing, inhumane, voodoo, sorcery, power, negligent and of course ideological element to all this. 

 

Other explanations could be a bill for light, deal of immunity, just me knowing too much or someone feeling disrespected by a kiss. Black Friday, Daylight Savings, Veteran’s Day or Obama’s Election Win may have something to do with this. 

 

I have met funny characters before. I HEARD misery and pettiness from; I think officer Roach. It sounds like birds are always loud in the morning, disrupting my sleep. 

 

Any mono timing seemed off. There was never any tick, so Lyme disease did not make sense. HIV, concussion did not make much sense either. How do I know about E. Coli? Many institutions to jot down here. I had the song “Intergalactic” as a back-ring on the iPhone 3G. Sean Davis, Nathan Koch, Ashley Lilies, Madison Patten, Maryann Hite, Josie, Jayleen Andrews, Rilee Collins, Victoria, Samantha Yates and Gregory Jerman. 

 

Some entities are but NOT LIMITED to the following. 

 

It is really the world against me. This seems like a globalist threat. It could be a parasite. It could be one of those MK Ultra agents. Someone related to Michael Jackson’s death. I have received mistreatment from family members. I met Dr. Nguyen because of Dr. “Koenig.” Do I look like Vietcong? 

 

Religious communities such as the Mormons, Jehovah’s witnesses, “Sundas Tanveer” or “Maria Medina.” 

 

Communities such as Chinese, Vietnamese and Soviets. 

 

Suspects are Arnulfo Martinez and “Eleet Corp.” I never shared my symptoms with this employer because they already had a child labor issue. Why would I share my symptoms with them? 

 

Same thing with Vitek. They had a child labor issue. Vitek expected loyalty and morals from children. They had a child labor issue. 

 

Arnulfo, who also goes by Yakuza or Arni, runs Optimus. 

 

The Rockefellers may have something to do with all this. Nooy becomes Brisbin, so I wonder if modern feminism had something to do with all this. Suspicion of 666 connections here. 

 

Agents associated with Arrowhead or Phern projects may be involved with this. West Coast bank bombing may have something to do with all this. 

 

The McMinnville School District and ASB were suspicious. ASB is a student government body at the high school. 

 

My brother’s third grade teacher was suspicious, “Ms. McAnally.” 

 

Outside, federal, state, and local agencies were suspicious. Utilities were suspicious. I suspect the Koch and Miller families had something to do with all this. 

 

“Michael Yanez,” “Edith Mylady Lopez,” “Justin Sanchez,” “Rachel Wolf,” “Kristen Short or Kirsten Short,” “Billy” the bus driver or “Jacob Cymbala’s” mom, neighbors such as Alyssa Ayala’s grandma, Gilberto one of the Eleet Corp workers, Uriah Perez, Hector Espinoza (4/30/1993), Frank Martinez, Laura Mota, Johnny Martinez, Clemente Orozco, Maria Angeles, Pedro Gonzalez (January), Stephen Holmes’ mom Laura would tell me to wash my mouth, Tonia Yakis, Rebecca Rhodes, Billy Scoles, Gabriela Gonzalez, Isamar Chavez and another Alyssa. 

 

Brian Sterns may be scoping for a few things at the winter formal. 

 

I know Laura Mota’s birth month is January or February. Frank’s is in June. 

 

Roger Guitterez and Pedro Gonzalez would insult teeth of others. Pedro or Peter gives an 8th grade school photo out, a subtle off-moment. 

 

Samson Linkee maybe. Edgar Rodriguez was into Yu-Gi-Oh. 

 

Friends of the family like Elena Garcia. The significant others of family members. 

 

I met James Moon during the athletic team incident. 

 

There is so much more to mention; May be the yearbook is needed. 
